You can paste your CV information here, and I'll be able to read it.
PETER MWANGI 
Nairobi, NBO |+254 724942057 | 
petermwangi7752@gmail.com 
https://www.linkedin.com/in/peter-mwangi-b123b7213/ 
EDUCATION 
STRATHMORE UNIVERSITY 
Masters of Science: - 
Information Systems Security (Currently pursuing) 
Madaraka Estate, Nairobi 
Expected May 2025 
MURANG’A UNIVERSITY OF SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY 
Major in Software Engineering 
Relevant Coursework: Software Engineering; Operating Systems; Algorithms; Computer Networking; System Design; 
Artificial intelligence; Cyber Security; Mobile Application Development – Android; Web Application Development 
Aug 2017 - Dec 2021 
Kiharu, Murang’a 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
@iLabAfrica 
Research Scholar, Cyber Security Department 
Nairobi, NBO 
July 2023 – Present 
• Conducting cutting-edge research in the field of cyber security, focusing on emerging threats, vulnerability assessments, 
and mitigation strategies. 
• Collaborating with a multidisciplinary team to develop innovative solutions and countermeasures against cyber threats, 
addressing critical security challenges. 
• Investigating and analyzing cyber incidents, identifying patterns, and developing recommendations to strengthen 
security frameworks. 
• Trainings - penetration testing, CEH, Digital Forensics 
• Security Operations Center (SOC) analyst 
Scratch and Script Ltd 
Research Assistant – Digital Forensics 
• Research and Analysis – Self-paced Online Instructor & Coursework Material Videos, Self-paced Videos on Lab 
Demos. Online Self-Paced Videos & Coursework material on our platform. Published Self-paced Videos on Lab 
Demos 
• Stakeholder Engagement – Engaged Industry Professionals for Q & A interviews. Course Trailers, Published Q & A 
Interviews with Professionals 
ICT Authority 
Presidential Digital Talent Program (PDTP) intern 
Nairobi, NBO 
Dec 2022 – July 2023 
• Digitization of 5,000 Government Services – Streamlined operational workflows and implemented automated systems, 
resulting in a 40% reduction in manual errors and saving 20+ hours per week in data entry and processing tasks. 
• Prepared daily, weekly, and monthly reports on the status of digitization, providing stakeholders with real-time progress 
updates and ensuring accountability. 
• Collaborated with government departments to identify opportunities for digitization, resulting in a 20% increase in the 
number of services successfully onboarded. 
• KASNEB Deployment – Successfully upgraded software systems, leading to enhanced functionality, improved security, 
and streamlined processes, resulting in a 20% increase in operational efficiency. 
• Implemented network improvements, resulting in a 30% reduction in network downtime and increased overall network 
stability. 
• Conduct regular maintenance activities, resulting in a 15% reduction in system errors and improved overall reliability of 
ICT infrastructures. 
UNIVERSITY PROJECTS 
Electronic Voting Innovation Project 
Sep 2021 
Role: Developer 
• Developed a secure and transparent voting system utilizing Web3, Truffle, Ganache, JavaScript, MetaMask wallet, and 
NodeJS technologies. 
• Designed and implemented smart contracts on the Ethereum blockchain to ensure the integrity and immutability of 
voting data, eliminating the possibility of tampering or fraud. 
PSV Management System 
Role: Developer | 
Sep 2019 
• Designed and implemented a management system for the PSV (Public Service Vehicle) Sacco of Murang'a town using Visual 
Basic. 
• Significantly improved operational efficiency, reduced manual errors, and enhanced overall management of the PSV Sacco, 
resulting in better service delivery and increased customer satisfaction. 
ACTIVITIES 
VISIONARY YOUTH FOUNDATION 
Murang'a County 
March 2018 – Present 
• Co-founded a group of dedicated volunteers and successfully recruited and trained a team of 20 volunteers. 
• Organized and conducted educational training sessions for over 20 primary school students in Murang'a, covering 
various subjects and study skills. 
• Actively engaged with the children by organizing weekly recreational activities, such as sports events, arts and crafts 
sessions, and educational field trips, providing them with opportunities for personal growth and enrichment. 
• Developed and implemented ICT training programs for volunteers and students, enhancing their digital literacy skills 
and empowering them to utilize technology effectively. 
ADDITIONAL 
Technical Skills: Advanced in SQL, Kotlin, JavaScript, HTML/CSS; Proficient in MAD – Android Platform (Kotlin, XML), 
Cyber Security, Linux, pentesting 
Soft Skills - Effective Communication: Facilitated communication between cross-functional teams, ensuring project milestones 
were met and delivering successful outcomes; Leadership: Represented the class: Acted as a liaison between the students and the 
faculty, ensuring that their concerns, suggestions, and feedback were effectively communicated and addressed; Teamwork: 
Worked towards shared goals: Aligned efforts and coordinated activities with the team to achieve the common objective of 
successfully digitizing government services, prioritizing teamwork and collaboration over individual accomplishments; 
Adaptability: Thrived in a fast-paced and dynamic environment, quickly adjusting to new technologies and industry trends. 
Languages: Fluent in English; Swahili; Kikuyu 
Certifications & Training: Certified Ethical Hacker (C|EH) by EC Council, Online Course System Administration and IT 
Infrastructure Services (Coursera); HCIA -Storage (Huawei); IT Security: Defense against the digital dark arts (Coursera); Cyber 
security (CISCO); Python programming (CISCO);in introduction to unhatched Linux (CISCO); Networking Essentials and 
packet tracer (CISCO); Introduction to Data Science (CISCO); Getting Started with Power BI event (STYAVA); Internet of 
Things in Azure event (STYAVA), Cyber Shujaa – Security Analyst 
Awards: Certificate of Merit – 2nd position at both sub-county and County Level at Kenya Science and Engineering Fair 2014 
(High School), Guest Speaker Award – TEMS ICT EXPO 2025 (Cyber Security) 